PUBLIC FACING MASTODON DATASET OF HALEY MOORE'S SYMBOLIC STRUCTURE

https://mastodon.social/@Toenolla
https://toenolla.com/
Haley Moore

Dec 28, 2022

Amazon sent me a counterfeit label maker cartridge.  I didn't even realize that was a thing!

Dec 28, 2022

(I wouldn't care that it was counterfeit, except that it wasn't the size I ordered.  Reloading proprietary cartridges is always correct.)

Dec 28, 2022

@Toenolla
First fortress.  My dwarves were attacked by a Wererhinocerous, and now they keep turning into Rhinos every month and attacking each other.  #dwarffortress rules.

Dec 29, 2022

Over Christmas, my sister asked me to mod an old saxophone-playing Bill Clinton toy, because she knows me.

Nov 5, 2022

The fences and tombstones were laser cut from different weights of paper.  The fence is just black card stock, but the tombstones were originally Kraft.  Painting them bulked them out a little and gave the engraving a weathered look.

Nov 5, 2022

Been working on this set of graveyard dice for my increasingly-elaborate Betrayal at House on the Hill box.  8 tiny graveyards that combine into one larger (but still very small) graveyard.

Nov 5, 2022

Go home, GPhotos, you're drunk.

Nov 5, 2022

I'm at a haunted house and yall... this is the worst customer experience I've had in a long time. It's inside a mall but they want us to go to the bathroom in porta-potties. This one had good reviews!

Nov 5, 2022

All the line signage is wrong, and the staff is super bitchy about us not standing in the right places.  There are clowns running the line,  and one of them has a chainsaw, but the line is moving so slowly the chainsaw stopped scaring people so they kinda gave up.

Nov 5, 2022

Never mind,  someone has shown up in a super cute Cult of the Lamb cosplay. This rules.

Nov 5, 2022

@Toenolla
Update: I made friends with the cosplayer and traded socials.  Not a bad night!

Nov 7, 2022

@Toenolla
This lil guy was waiting for me outside the door when I left the apartment.  I wonder if he could smell the shrimp I was cooking.

Nov 7, 2022

The next step was to cast the pieces of the model into the resin.  To make sure the scene ended up bang in the middle of each die, I first cast them in these core molds.  The surface finish isn't crystal clear, but that's ok because they'll get embedded in the final dice mold.

Nov 7, 2022

And results!  I can't wait to ink up these spooky boys. <3

Nov 8, 2022

And here we have the finished set.  Look at this little slice of spooky!

8 six-sided dice packed together in two rows.  We are looking through the side of the block of dice, and inside each is a little model of a graveyard with an iron fence around it.  The dice match up to form a larger tableau.

Nov 8, 2022

Look at this tiny boi!  I have a few nitpicks and things I'd like to add*, but overall these came out great.  Can't wait to roll them at my next Betrayal game.

* Skeletons.  I wanted to have skeletons under the dirt.  Someday....

Nov 8, 2022

OK, one more GIF.

Nov 24, 2022

Met a snake. Gonna steal it.

Nov 28, 2022

Digital scarcity? More like digital enclosure.

Nov 28, 2022

Haley, trying something new
@Toenolla
New sharp childe!! #desertbus #thebutton #enamelpins

Nov 30, 2022

Haley, trying something new
@Toenolla
Major shoutout to whichever composer on #Pokemon  Scarlet/Violet decided it was time to bring back #theremin music.

(Yes, I know Toby Fox was on the team, but so were like 5 other people.)

Dec 3, 2022

Had a dream that #Desertbus  was all Star Trek themed, was broadcasting from an actual plane, and @Graham_LRR was piloting.  

The cockpit was themed to look like the inside of a shuttlecraft. He did an aileron roll, it was sick.

(Don't worry, engineering welded all the tripods and stuff to the floor.)

Dec 8, 2022

Making hot chocolate and reading the Steam reviews for Dwarf Fortress because they are just so pure.

Dec 11, 2022

Haley, trying something new
@Toenolla
One of the things about working at a makerspace is, sometimes there's a drone race running through your breakroom.

Dec 27, 2022

Guess what you get, mastodon?  It's crossword griping. What the fuck is up with that 1a, NYT?

Dec 28, 2022

Amazon sent me a counterfeit label maker cartridge.  I didn't even realize that was a thing!

Dec 28, 2022

(I wouldn't care that it was counterfeit, except that it wasn't the size I ordered.  Reloading proprietary cartridges is always correct.)

Dec 28, 2022

First fortress.  My dwarves were attacked by a Wererhinocerous, and now they keep turning into Rhinos every month and attacking each other.  #dwarffortress rules.

Dec 29, 2022

Over Christmas, my sister asked me to mod an old saxophone-playing Bill Clinton toy, because she knows me.

Jan 3, 2023

How sick would it be if the rest of the Avatar sequels were just Neytiri teaching her himbo earthling husband how to live in socialism.

Jan 5, 2023

Hey you.  Sometimes it's OK to be bad at things.  

Especially in America, we're sold the idea that some people have a near-universal skill set, and it makes them superior.  Don't fall for it.  Don't let yourself chase that wild goose.

Jan 16, 2023

Our dumb team name has broken containment.  We're on regular wikipedia now.

Jan 16, 2023

My MIT Mystery Hunt team (The Team Formerly Known as the Team Formerly Known as the Team Formerly Known as the Team Formerly Known as the Team Formerly Known as the Team to Be Named Later) ACTUALLY WON.

Kudos to everyone who chipped away at puzzles all weekend, and our team leaders and staff who made hunting with this many people fun.

For those who don't know,  this means we're responsible for running next year's hunt. So that's...you know, no big deal, just a lifelong dream... Aaaaaaaaaaaa!

Jan 21, 2023

The first of two ~auspicious~ coins I've been waiting for arrived today.  It's my #DesertBus2022 DBloon!

(Thanks to Erika for getting it to me after it ended up at my old apartment by mistake. 🙃)

Jan 24, 2023

I may have watched Glass Onion a few TOO many times.

Feb 2, 2023

I feel sorry for the people trying to patiently explain to muskrat how anything works.

Feb 18, 2023

Shoutout to my biology professor in college who included a unit on human sex diversity in their bio 101 course.  And a unit on how GMO editing is done and Monsanto's business practices that make it a public menace.  That class was a political education in a box.

Feb 21, 2023

I'm really looking forward to a world in which JK Rowling's IP isn't seen as a guaranteed moneymaker.

Feb 21, 2023

I just remembered that I once asked the same prof how a human could develop with mismatched earlobes, because I have a friend with one connected lobe and one free.  He started his reply with, "I'm afraid your friend is a freak of nature." God what a cool dude.

Mar 14, 2023

Got to teach two trans teens to make resin jewelry this weekend.  They did a great job, and instantly became friends.  I think they're gonna take D&D camp together. <3

Apr 14, 2023

Honestly,  there's nothing more clownish than a man who believes he has all the power in the world,  but doesn't even know what real power is.

Apr 14, 2023

(Yes, I have been re-reading Naomi Alderman' The Power.  God that's a fucker of a book.)

Aug 18, 2023

What have you questioned lately?  My latest thing is the conflict model of storytelling we're taught in school.  Like..."man vs nature" and man vs himself" always seemed like a stretch.  But these days I think the whole thing flies a little too close to the idea that life is lived for struggle.

Aug 20, 2023

Working on revising copy that was originally cobbled together from secondary sources, boilerplate text, ChatGPT, and the efforts of non-pro writers.  It needs some TLC. 

Coworker walks by and suggests I use ChatGPT to get the project done faster.

The plague can't burn itself out fast enough.

Aug 31, 2023

Discussing AI content generation is starting to feel like discussing cryptocurrency in the early 10s.  I'm surrounded by earnest people who just don't understand that I'm not the target market for this gizmo.

Sep 9, 2023

Guys. If someone mentions that they're doing any kind of creative work, DO NOT tell them to use AI tools. That's incredibly rude.

I can't mention that I'm writing at work now without complete strangers asking me to justify NOT using these tools.  It's degrading. I don't come into your office and demand to know why you're better at your job than the toaster oven. Have some goddamn poise.

Sep 11, 2023

I think the reason AI is chapping my ass is that there are REAL HUMAN BEINGS who enjoy making art, who enjoy writing, who enjoy solving creative problems. I keep running into people from tech who just...assume people hate creative work and just want to push past it.

Nah man, people's souls are shaped different.  That's why you hire people who love doing the things that confound you.

Sep 12, 2023

Was talking to a coworker about anime and he says, "I'm watching One Piece right now."

And thanks to @LoadingReadyRun my immediate response was , "Ah yes, Onay-Peachay."  I'm pretty sure he thinks I'm a weirdo now, and he's right.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=secvOwxuc_k

Oct 5, 2023

This is my pump up music.  A great track for when you feel like getting some shit apocalyptically DONE.  #deltarune 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uivFFnCI8tM

Nov 18, 2023

Was listening to Undertale jams, and unbidden I had a vision of Tommy Tallarico directing Hopes and Dreams at Video Games Live. Laughed so hard I had to sit down.

Jan 18, 2024

Bucket list item checked - I got to help make the MIT Mystery Hunt happen!  

If you'd like to hear all about the shenanigans that went down over the weekend, our team, TTBNL, is going to have an AMA (Ask Me Anything) on the r/mysteryhunt subreddit this Sunday, January 21, starting around 3:00 PM Pacific.  Come check it out.  ❤️ https://www.reddit.com/r/mysteryhunt/

Jan 21, 2024

MIT Mystery Hunt AMA is starting right now!  Ask (The Team Formerly Known As * ∞) The Team To Be Named Later anything you like!  I expect to see questions discussions of Taylor Swift and transcendental algebra.

https://www.reddit.com/r/mysteryhunt/comme

Jan 21, 2024

Apparently they don't do refunds on Nintendo.com, so instead let's do a PSA... 

Power Wash Simulator is pretty much unplayable on Nintendo Switch.  Not only is it impossible to point the camera where you want, trying to hold the joycons so you can reach all the controls is physically painful.  Ouch.  Get it on Steam instead if you must.

Jan 24, 2024

I love that I get to take photos like this for work!  All of these are samples of things you can make in workshops at Maker Nexus.  If you're in the Bay Area, you should definitely come by and make something with us.  http://makernexus.org/classes

Jan 27, 2024

I'm developing a workshop on building animatronic eyes, using Will Cogley's excellent Simplified Eye Mechanism with his gracious permission. Designed some alternative animal eyes to spice things up for the students, just for fun.

(No, I have no idea what the hourglass one is supposed to be. I was just feelin' it.)

Feb 21, 2024

Found this Danger Ramen in the metal shop. This is going to make some sweet looking dice!

Mar 3, 2024

New dice for a campaign I started this week.  The character is a prismatic pool Genasi, so I went with a multicolor theme with little particles inside to represent different types of acid pool-dwelling bacteria.

Mar 27, 2024

Maker Nexus is having our Grand Opening on Aprill 4!  Yes, you heard that right - after 5 years in the Bay Area, we're celebrating a milestone that we almost missed.

Come attend the ribbon cutting ceremony with Mayor Larry Klein of Sunnyvale, then take some time to tour our giant makerspace, meet the makers who call this place their creative home, grab a bite from the food trucks, and maybe even make something yourself!

https://maker-nexus.org/gofa

Sep 25, 2024

Two Desert Buses ago, I made these Taste of Ravnica hot dog dice for a themed set based on Kathleen DeVere's  campaign Bylaw and Order, and we raised a bunch of money for Childs Play Charity.

https://toenolla.com/makes/bylaw-and-order-dice

Now you can get her campaign Pizzamas Island bundled in with adorable pizza dice!  Coincidence?  Yes, probably.  But I like to think these are cousins.

Oct 28, 2024

Had a good time working with this legend at Eerie Elegance last night.  We did some family-friendly spooks, and raised some money for Give Kids the World!

https://eerieelegance.blogspot.com/

My favorite thing as an attendant was watching kids read Leota's book along with her.  <3

Dec 4, 2024

I feel like D&D Groups Per Capita is the Waffle House Index of nerdery.

Dec 31, 2024

Made some muffins yesterday, and I suspect the recipe I found was AI generated. It was fine on the surface, but after looking at other recipes from old cookbooks, the problems became more clear. It included more than double the needed flour, and *uncreamed butter* which definitely isn't the right fat for muffins now that I think about it. I ended up with, basically, sweet drop biscuits.
 
I think from now on, I'm only going to bake from physical books written before 2020.

Apr 13, 2025

GOD Gemini is so much worse than normal voice assistant when you're driving. It won't shut up and it's constantly asking you to interact with the screen.

In the past a design team would go in and polish up these interactions for efficiency and safety. But nooo we had to give control of your phone to the stochastic stumblebot.

